docs(coding-guidelines): add note for test file with private headers (#402)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/contributing/testing-guidelines/unit-testing.md

  ament_add_ros_isolated_gtest(test_my_cool_pkg test/test_my_cool_pkg.cpp)
  target_link_libraries(test_my_cool_pkg ${PROJECT_NAME})
  target_include_directories(test_my_cool_pkg PRIVATE src)  # For private headers.
...
endif()
```

This automatically links the test with the default main function provided by `gtest`.
The code under test is usually in a different CMake target (`${PROJECT_NAME}` in the example) and its shared object for linking needs to be added.

> If the test source files include private headers in the src directory, it need to add the src directory to include path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the test source files include private headers from the `src` directory, the directory needs to be added to the include path using `target_include_directories()` function.
```

Simple adjustment
